hey what's up everybody gets DJ Jerry
here with shop time and we're bringing
you the new Flair con air by Chauvet DJ
this is one of the coolest things that's
come out in a long time I'm really
excited about this it's going to really
open up opportunities for beginner
lighting and also for advanced lighting
because it's going to not just act as a
dmx die fight or defy transmitter but
it's also going to allow you to use your
phone to actually control everything
we're going to show you how to do the
install on your phone how to set up the
network on your phone and how to make
this run this the new freedom par this
is the quad floor these are amazing new
fixtures that are just coming out we're
going to show you a little bit more
details on this make sure you check out
some of the other videos but we are
going to today we're going to show you
how to make the the Flair con work for
you guys and make it simple so first
we're going to show you how to install
the application so the first thing we
want to do is open up your Google Play
Store it's going to give you this menu
basically just go up to the search and
then type in I've already searched for
it but type in Flair con as you can see
here and it's going to look exactly like
that let's look a little fire flares
when you click on that it's going to ask
you to install since I've already
installed basically I have opened and
uninstall but you'll see an install
button right there click on that install
button and you'll see it processing and
actually loading onto your phone once
you have it go ahead and click the open
actually no don't click the open yet
what you're gonna want to do is you
actually need to set up the Wi-Fi
network with your with your Flair con so
what we're going to do is I'm actually
going to plug in the Flair con which is
dumb sorry which is right down here
we're gonna plug in the Flair con and
I'm going to show you the menus that you
need to go through to find the network
for the Flair con okay so before you
even
try to connect to the box what you need
to do is you actually need to find the
network and the flare con if you go into
the menu you will see first of all the
input mode you want to make sure it's on
Wi-Fi it does also have a DMX option
which when you run the DMX in or I'm
sorry the DMX in then this becomes a DMX
transmitter or defy transmitter so make
sure you're on Wi-Fi and once you're in
Wi-Fi go ahead and flip through the menu
go to information click enter and then
you will see this is actually the Wi-Fi
network name it's called Wi-Fi test so
what you're going to do is you're going
to go into your mobile device you're
going to find this network fly fie test
and you're going to connect to that
Network because now the phone is going
to communicate with this box and vice
versa
so we're going to show you how to go
into your settings to make sure that you
get the right box when you go into your
app when you go into your phone
obviously unlock your phone go into your
settings this is for Droid users you got
the Settings button when you go into the
drop down menu pull it down go into
settings and then go into Wi-Fi and
right now I'm currently on my home Wi-Fi
but as you can see right here this is
the Wi-Fi network that I want to be on
so I'm going to click that I'm going to
kick hit connect
now for some reason if the network is
not showing up all you got to do is just
go to this refresh button and this
refresh button will allow you to find
the network so right now Wi-Fi test we
are we are connecting ok so once you see
that Wi-Fi test or your network name
from your from your flare con is
connected you can go ahead and go back
to the main menu and then go into your
apps and then go into your flare con
application and you will see that it
opens up and it shows that the device is
connected test connected you see that
right there so we're working with the
freedom power plug 5 go ahead and click
on freedom park quad 5 and basically
these are the preset colors these are
the options that it gives you you can
actually create colors and save those in
the top there's also the color wheel so
you can really get crazy and mess with
some of the colors in the color wheel
and you can see that in the background
there so you can see that so here we can
create whatever color we want
okay and then the mixer so basically
here I can turn up the red I can turn up
the green turn down the green I can make
whatever color I need to and all we're
doing is utilizing these sliders to
create the different colors on the power
quad five I'm sorry the power quad 4 go
back you can also see that there is the
freedom part I six the freedom part x4
which I'm really excited about there's
also the original freedoms the freedom
part quad five the freedom park
rgba and then also the freedom part of
the original so there's a lot of great
features with this with this application
but again if you want to learn more
check out some of the other videos that
we have coming up we're going to show
you a little bit more deeper content
when it comes to using the flair con
along with the and also the new Freedom
Park one force we're going to go deeper
into that as well so if you have
questions make sure you contact me sorry
you reach me at Jeremy @d j JM again
it's Jeremy at DJ g our shop time.com
thanks for watching guys we'll see you
next time